The action or inactions of each member of the supply chain
add or detract from the value
the customer ultimately receives.
A challenge for SCM is to get each member
of the supply chain customer-focused
so the members constantly question
each activity or process they perform
in terms of ultimate value to the customer.
Put simply, the focus should be on process,
not individual function in integrating best practices
in coordination across all organizations
involved in the supply chain.
Supply Chain Operations Reference model, or SCOR,
provides a unique framework that links business process,
metrics, best practices and technology
into a unified structure to support communication
among supply chain partners
and to improve the effectiveness of supply chain management
and related supply chain improvement activities.
SCOR spans all customer interactions
from order entry to paid invoice.
It includes all physical material transactions
from suppliers' supplier to customers' customer,
including equipment, supplies,
spare parts, bulk product, and software.
And finally, it involves all market interactions
from the understanding of aggregate demand
to the fulfillment of each order.